Cassie how you how you doing on that hot
dog I'm all done thanks I guess the last
time we really hung out was when our
parents run to that beach house together
oh but I'm I I pinned you down and
tickled you until you cried probably too
old to do that now I'll always remember
that summer because it's when I got all
these freckles and I'll always remember
that summer because that's when I
realized that we are related took me
that long to figure it out huh I'm a
little slow
just as our children would be
[Music]
she's a cousin she's your cousin
if she knew what was going on in your
head
she'd think you were sick or would she
let's back up for a second she was the
one who suggested opening a bottle of
wine she was the one who turned down the
lights she was the one that wanted to
rent Logan's Run the sexiest movie ever
oh I know that book forget it
I want it she wants it I'm going in say
something clever
there is nothing you could say to make
this worse so just say something I
haven't had sex in a very long time yeah
you really should have said anything
Cassie are you finding everything okay
in there yeah thank you so much for
letting me stay here oh no problem
[Music]
[Applause]
what say something say anything after
out she's not your cousin
[Music]
you